so today we have five pictures for you
no no not five pictures five pictures
there that's better
so what you see first in them will
describe your interstate do you want to
know more about yourself we created a
quick test that will help you evaluate
the signals of your subconscious the
test is based on the symbolic meanings
of certain things and the feelings they
provoke in you your main task is simple
pay attention to the objects that you
see first in the pictures below it's
time to get to know yourself better
number five
face or fish let's start with this
picture what do you see first is it a
face or two fish eventually you'll see
both images just remember what you saw
first and here's what it means if you
saw a face you are a socially oriented
and communicative person and you're
curious about people's lives for you
every person is unique and interesting
and you want to figure out their true
personality because of that you have
excellent communication skills which
allow you to find common ground with
pretty much everyone you usually pay
attention to the whole picture instead
of just small and sometimes unnecessary
details moreover it's in your nature to
use your intellectual abilities to solve
everyday tasks you're a bright thinker
and can easily crack any riddle you
enjoy finding new solutions to the
problems and pave your way instead of
staying on the safe side
now if you saw two fish you're happy
with your life at the moment
and you'll also believe in luck in all
future endeavors even if something isn't
going according to your plan you're sure
you'll manage to cope with any situation
you prefer to think that the glass is
always half full for you details are
important as they are the key elements
that build and create the whole picture
that's why you pay close attention to
them and usually prefer to improve your
life little by little by making small
progress in every domain of it you are
creative and always full of ideas that
you want to make a reality you aren't
afraid of changes and are usually
excited to see what the future has in
store for you alright number 4 keyhole
or crying figure now look at this
picture what's the first image you see
here okay let's find out what it says
about you if the first thing you saw was
a keyhole then you might be a stalker
and you like to peer through them no not
really
actually it means that you're curious
about your life in general you might
even have the feeling that soon you'll
have to face the unknown and the best
thing about it is that you don't fear it
you're excited about it this may also
indicate your interest in a certain
person either because of his or her
personality or because you feel a bit
suspicious about him or her in both
situations it's better to talk to this
person you will get to know him or her
better and realize whether you want to
continue the communication or not in
general in this period of your life
you're all about exploring new ideas
learning new things and getting out of
your comfort zone good for you now if
the first image you saw was a crying
figure you're probably not completely
aware of your current emotional state
for example it could be sadness
disappointment loneliness or even anger
this is not a good sign
you need to pay more attention to your
own emotions and listen to yourself and
your wishes more often maybe you just
need some time to relax and get your
mind off all the problems and
difficulties you may face now try to
reevaluate your life and see what you
can do to make it better it takes some
time for yourself do something you like
or simply make yourself a bubble bath
sounds good to me right now you need a
break to lighten up your mood and return
to a happier emotional state number
three
slightly open door or a musical note
here's another picture what was the
first image you saw time to see what
secrets it reveals about you if you saw
a slightly open door you're ready for
changes and you feel you're moving in
the right direction and make good
decisions along the way you feel content
and determined you're aware of what's
waiting for you in the future
and you're ready to take a big step into
the new chapter in your life you face
the future with no fear and with pure
excitement to meet new people visit new
places start more adventures and create
new memories like BASE jumping well
maybe not that extreme and your
uplifting spirit inspires others to make
changes for the best and go for whatever
it is they desire try to keep the state
of mind for as long as possible it will
bear great fruit for you now if for you
the first image was a musical note it
shows that right now it's important for
you to express yourself through being
creative it may be connected with music
acting drawing or any other form of art
it just feel like you've got something
you want to share with this world go
ahead don't look back and take risks you
have a great opportunity to start
something exciting if you work hard
you'll use your potential to the fullest
right now you're looking for something
that will inspire you to see new colors
the world just open your heart to new
things and you won't regret it
number two columns or people this time
let's take a look at this picture what's
the first thing you saw here here's what
your variant stands for if you saw
columns sometimes it can be quite hard
for you to leave your comfort zone and
achieve what you want because you tend
to be quite fearful of other people's
view and opinions you should try to look
at the world from another perspective
and stop setting certain limits for
yourself you can do more than you think
just give yourself a chance to prove it
columns might also mean that you're a
dreamy and romantic person oh you are
usually shy and feel more comfortable on
your own you're an introvert who doesn't
let other people in that easily try to
put yourself out there more you deserve
to be recognized yes you do
if you saw people you don't feel any
strong boundaries in life you are
confident and sure of yourself you have
a vision of what perfect life is for you
and you do anything you can to build it
for yourself you can achieve many things
quite easily when you want to do
something you simply do it without
overthinking and delaying too long
you're a sensitive and kind person
always ready to help others you are
sociable and enjoy meeting new people in
building new connections you're a real
joy to be around I'm a real joy because
you make other people feel good about
themselves and all the happiness you
give returns right back to you
Wow aren't you glad you're not throwing
boomerangs
and finally number one man or woman
here's the last picture so what do you
see is it a man or a woman
this uncovers other sides of your
current emotional state now if you see a
man here is the possible rendering of it
if you're a woman it might mean that you
want to be in a romantic relationship or
you're looking for a partner in this
point of your life
you feel ready to be in unity with
someone and be serious about it if you
already have one you feel a strong
emotional connection with your partner
you can be proud of your relationship as
you two were able to build a strong base
of understanding and Trust that makes
your bond so special now if you're a man
you're most likely to be worried about
some problem that involves another man
it might be your friend family member or
colleague still if this issue is
bothering you take some time to solve it
once and for all now if you saw a woman
the things are a little bit different
for women it means that you have a very
positive attitude to life and live in
harmony with yourself you got that right
you strongly feel and own your
femininity you know you're worth 50
million dollars and you are proud of the
person you are today keep believing in
yourself and you'll achieve anything you
put your mind to for men it might mean
that you appreciate female beauty and
that doesn't mean that you are a
womanizer at all you just respect the
woman's natural grace and their feminine
energy yes that's the ticket
it may also say you sympathize with a
certain woman and expect her to feel the
same if it is the case go for it and
don't be afraid at least give her a
little hint maybe she's into you too I
can't believe that any woman would not
want to be into me so did these
descriptions match your inner emotional
state tell us in the comments hit the
like button and share this video with
your friends and loved ones to find out
some secrets about them don't forget to
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side haha you can bet I will